[Music]
here at Chase Jarvis we're about to
record a that creative lifer got the
camera set up let's do it watch her you
have lived a life that nobody else has
worked and that's the pose for you or
you you and the goal is putting you into
your pictures so we can all take a
picture of the Grand Canyon but what
have you done live then through scenes
not seen that you couldn't perhaps put
into that picture such that it has that
unique perspective
[Music]
just wrapped up filming with Chase
Jarvis chase I one final question for
you for people who want to just get more
into you to even expand their audience
with some one piece right the one piece
of advice is that you have to actually
make a video and press upload over and
over and over
planning gives us this video this the
illusion of progress but it's actually
stuck right beyond the plans of doing
that actually makes them matter so
that's not writing your your ideas and
your journal stuff start putting them in
a video I love it thank you so much
chase with chase went so well
being around inspirational just
hard-working people like chase it's so
motivating but of course one of my
camera angles just stopped recording
that YouTube life are there any other
one-man bands out there on to the next
shoot
[Music]
I am in Brooklyn right now at the
Gregory Brothers HQ they ran an amazing
YouTube channel called Schmo Yoho were
they song 5 stuff tonight is the
presidential debate
so they're basically watching the debate
they are going to Samba fight and then
make a music video to it and i am
recording kind of behind the scenes for
a creative spaces TV episode so it's
going to be a fun fun night the squad is
all here ready to edit the night away
one thing is gonna get us through the
night tonight it's people creativity's
pizza is a major key yeah
what is your tattoo oh I didn't even see
that one yeah
that is amazing then that's a gone from
Majora's Mask I love it I just love her
I love your vibe this is muffin
yeah she's he's helping out the gregory
bros tonight what's your main thing like
VFX visual effects in motion
money more money look at what China is
doing to our country and our country is
a piggy bank are you using your keyboard
for your iPhone at work doing the
schmoyoho magic
[Music]
okay is very unmixed and rough that is
amazing the bro I mean the bro silence
of us the bro vocals yeah you gotta have
yeah bro vocals are key for coming in
here to their green screen area and
Michael out the camera getting the shot
so how much is this song do you have
right now is it the hooks that you're
gonna capture the video for the 1% done
green-screen is all set up they're
getting dressed for the part some
dancing is about to go down
[Music]
so I was so insanely inspiring to be
around creative geniuses it was an
amazing day it was a long day three and
no time to Brooklyn gotta head back to
Manhattan and kind of do it all over
again
I should have been on the road by now
fail train one of the reasons why this
week is difficult is not only is it
insanely busy but this previous weekend
I had fun like I just hung out with
friends all weekend and didn't really
edit or do any work but yes hanging out
with friends and doing things other than
shooting and editing is healthy but bad
but but I really really just got stuff
done weekend was so fantastic I think it
translated into the vlog from the
weekend but someone I show you something
someone basically took the footage and
made it into a friend's show montages
[Music]
thanks dougie I just thought that was so
freaking funny because I love friends
which friends do you think I am probably
like Monica Moore the uptight vibe
rather than Rachel so probably Monica
you're not allowed to judge the mess
that is my apartment I'm honestly the
worst of packing I never not to bring so
I just bring everything ok this hotel
room is huge huge yes
I'm in Nashville yes and party at my
place apparently cuz I got room my
experience getting here from the JFK
Airport was absolutely terrible
basically traveling with that thing this
thing according to every TSA agent every
employee at an airport it's just a
deathtrap but just like every time it
makes it to the destination domestically
speaking when you're traveling
internationally that's when things get
complicated or more complicated anyways
I'm here for a conference that I'm super
stoked about this entire Rica is
slightly chaos I also have to film and
edit my buffer festival film
I'm premiering in the vlogging screening
which is great and I had previously
filmed something but it just turned out
terrible and I'm like I do not want to
premiere this in front of a lot of
important people so I think the pressure
of a screening is putting more pressure
on just like a normal vlog that I would
normally make so in the next two days I
have to make and edit a blog for the
buffer festival screenings because it's
due in two days so I'm fine and it just
feels good to be a natural if you don't
know Nashville is where I lived before
moving to New York City so I have a ton
of friends here
and there's just good vibes all around I
am obsessed with Nashville I would be
here if it weren't for New York City I
mean New York City is like number one
right now so I think I'm gonna go have
dinner with a friend real quick and then
get back to editing so I can get
creative spaces TV out anyways you guys
Rock
I will see you in the next one stay
peachie okay bye
[Music]